# Spotify-SQL-Database
Designing the database for Spotify was a good start for my introduction to database infrastructure. There was a lot of altering tables midway through development and relationship adjustments between entities to make the overall database more conceptually accurate. 

# The Design
Going through the concepts of one-to-one, one-to-many, and many-to-many as the basics of databases seemed straightfoward, but when I started impleneting the code into pgAdmin that's when I really understood their significance. The idea of many-to-many was made cleared to me when I was stuck trying to find out how to put multiple values for a column into a single row; I realized that's why the bridge table exists. From there on, many entities attributes were either dropped or added onto its bridge table. If you are familiar with spotify you notice that when you 'like' a song or a podcast episode, it automatically gets added to what appears to be its own playlist on the left hand side near the 'Create Playlist' button. I initially categorized that attribute has something handled through both the account and library entity. I then realized there could only be one since both entities had a bridge table for both epsidoes and liked songs and there was no difference of the information displayed in each table. The account and library belonged to the same user, so there was no point in having multiple tables with the same data and purpose. So I assumed that when you 'like' a song or episode, it gets added to your library only. 

# Future Improvements
I am currently working on a REST API for this database by using Flask as the framework. 
